V1.106 changes (#696)
kubecost/docs: spot-commander.md

# Spot Commander

> Spot Commander is a Savings feature which identifies workloads where it is available and cost-effective to switch to Spot nodes, resizing the cluster in the process. Spot-readiness is determined through a [checklist](https://docs.kubecost.com/using-kubecost/navigating-the-kubecost-ui/savings/spot-checklist) which analzyes the workload and asseses the minimal cost required. It also generates CLI commands to help you implement the recommendation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spot Commander is a Savings feature which identifies workloads where it is available and cost-effective to switch to Spot nodes, resizing the cluster in the process. Spot-readiness is determined through a [checklist](/spot-checklist.md) which analyzes the workload and assesses the minimal cost required. It also generates CLI commands to help you implement the recommendation.
```
